feat(fluid-build): Release group root script support (#17835)
microsoft/FluidFramework: build-tools/packages/build-tools/README.md

}
```

When building release group, by default, it will trigger the task on all the packages within the release group. That also mean
that scripts at the release group root is not considered.

Release group root scripts support can be enabled by adding `fluidBuild.tasks` to the release group's `package.json`. `fluid-build`
will follow the definition if specified for the task, or it will trigger the root script if the script doesn't invoke `fluid-build`.

> Otherwise, (if the script doesn't exist or if it starts with `fluid-build`), it is go back to the original default to trigger the task
> on all the packages within the release group. There is no global definitions support and definitions in `fluidBuild.config.cjs` only
> applies to packages, and not release group root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the script doesn't exist or if it starts with `fluid-build`, then fluid-build will fall back to the default behavior of triggering the task
on all the packages within the release group. There is no support for "global definitions." Task definitions in `fluidBuild.config.cjs` only apply to packages, not release group roots. Release group root scripts must be defined in the `fluidBuild.tasks` section of the root's `package.json`.
```

I know this repeats a bit from the beginning, but I think it's helpful to reiterate.
